Documented adding custom fields to CDP export (#3061)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/cdp/cdp_data_customization.md

To add custom data to user exports, create a class that extends [`\Ibexa\Contracts\Cdp\Export\User\AbstractUserItemProcessor`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Cdp-Export-User-AbstractUserItemProcessor.html) and implement the `doProcess()` method.
The base class handles user field validation and provides helper methods for working with user content.

The following example adds a custom date of birth field to the exported data:

``` php
[[= include_file('code_samples/cdp/date_of_birth_export/src/Export/User/DateOfBirthUserItemProcessor.php') =]]
```

Register your processor as a Symfony service and tag it with `ibexa.cdp.export.user.item_processor`:

``` yaml
    App\Export\User\DateOfBirthUserItemProcessor:
        parent: Ibexa\Contracts\Cdp\Export\User\AbstractUserItemProcessor
        arguments:
            $dateOfBirthFieldIdentifier: 'date_of_birth'
        tags:
            - { name: 'ibexa.cdp.export.user.item_processor', priority: 100 }
```

The `priority` parameter controls the order of execution when multiple processors are registered.
Higher priority values run first.

> Your custom processor merges data with `$processedItemData` from previous processors, allowing you to chain multiple processors together.

Reviewer: As
```php
        return array_merge(
            $processedItemData,
            [
                'date_of_birth' => $dateOfBirth,
            ]
        );
```
is equivalent to 
```php
$processedItemData['date_of_birth'] = $dateOfBirth;
return $processedItemData;
```
there might be a simpler way to tell things (even if `array_merge` is probably more readable when a huge data array is added):

```suggestion
Your custom processor adds data to the previous processors result and returns the whole, allowing to chain multiple processors together.
```

I guess you could even have a processor than transform previous data (for example `$processedItemData['date_of_birth'] = $this->formatDate($processedItemData['date_of_birth'])`).

Author: Thank you, changed the sentence in https://github.com/ibexa/documentation-developer/pull/3061/changes/005db54cb77f920a25204bf0e7ebfd023fdad4a7
